Add tethering-inet guide (#184)
xodio/xod-docs: docs/guide/tethering-inet/README.md

<div class="ui segment">
<span class="ui ribbon label">Note</span>

The tethering internet feature uses low-level internet communication, which is supported by OS, but not provided in the browser. So it works only in a desktop version of the XOD IDE.

</div>

## Fetching data from the internet

To represent the benefit of the tethering internet, we take an example from the [guide of HTTP GET request](/docs/guide/http-get/) and modify it a little bit:
Replace the internet provider node with the `xod/debug/tethering-inet` node.
Replace the text LCD node with a [`xod/debug/watch`](https://xod.io/libs/xod/debug/watch/), to get rid of any hardware in the program.

![Tethering internet HTTP GET example](./print-ip.patch.png)

> That is, simulate the program or upload it with the turned on debug mode. It works the same as in the example on your Arduino Uno or even in a simulation. Wait for a little, and you get your remote IP address in the watch node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try uploading this program in debug node or run its simulation. Wait for a little bit and you get your remote IP address in the watch node. The program works the same as in the example on your Arduino Uno (which does not have internet connectivity features at all), it works the same in the simulation.
```

:exclamation: Here’s a paragraph or two about what happens under the hood is much desired: controller wants this, sends that, host PC repeats these, then sends blah back, etc… UML sequence diagram might help a lot (see https://plantuml.com/sequence-diagram).

> ## Sending data to the internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sending data to internet
```

Sending data to the internet works the same as getting data, but usually, it uses POST or PUT methods of an HTTP request. We took an example from the guide about XOD Cloud Feeds and modify it a little bit by replacing the `connect` node with `tethering-inet`.

![Logging temperature using tethering internet](./logging.patch.png)

<div class="ui segment">
<span class="ui ribbon label">Note</span>

> This example gets a value from the thermometer, but if you have no thermometer or microcontroller at all, you can replace it with [`xod/debug/tweak-number`](https://xod.io/libs/xod/debug/tweak-number/) and change this value manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example gets values from a thermometer but if you have no thermometer or microcontroller at all, you can replace it with [`xod/debug/tweak-number`](https://xod.io/libs/xod/debug/tweak-number/) and change this value manually.
```

</div>

> If you have signed in and ran the program, you’ve got some temperature values in your feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have signed in and ran the program, you'll see temperature values in your feed.
```

> ## To the production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Production
```

After you wrote and test the program with the `tethering-inet` node, you might want to use your device without a connected PC. It’s time to replace `tethering-inet` with the suitable node for module or microcontroller, which you have at your hands.

![Replacing tethering internet with another internet provider](./w5500.patch.png)

> And it keeps working, but without PC at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And it will keep working, without PC at all.
```

---

1. For debugging and developing the program with some interactions with the internet, you can share the internet from your PC to your program by using the `xod/debug/tethering-inet` node.
2. It works in the simulation without any microcontroller and modules at all.

> 3. This node is not for production and operating only with a connected PC. Do not forget to replace it with a suitable internet provider when your program is ready for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. This node is not for production and operating only with a PC running XOD IDE. Replace it with a suitable hardware internet provider node when your program is ready for production.
```

![Tethering internet HTTP GET example](./print-ip.patch.png)

Try uploading this program in debug node or run its simulation. Wait for a little bit and you get your remote IP address in the watch node. The program works the same as in the example on your Arduino Uno (which does not have internet connectivity features at all), it works the same in the simulation.

## Sending data to internet

Sending data to the internet works the same as getting data, but usually, it uses POST or PUT methods of an HTTP request. We took an example from the guide about XOD Cloud Feeds and modify it a little bit by replacing the `connect` node with `tethering-inet`.

![Logging temperature using tethering internet](./logging.patch.png)

<div class="ui segment">
<span class="ui ribbon label">Note</span>

This example gets values from a thermometer but if you have no thermometer or microcontroller at all, you can replace it with [`xod/debug/tweak-number`](https://xod.io/libs/xod/debug/tweak-number/) and change this value manually.

</div>

If you have signed in and ran the program, you'll see temperature values in your feed.

## How it works under the hood

> The Program communicates with the PC via Serial or Virtual Serial in case of simulation. The communication protocol is based on [ESP8266 AT commands](https://www.espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/4a-esp8266_at_instruction_set_en.pdf) but uses fewer commands. For example, it does not provide a possibility to switch between WiFi access points, because the PC should already have an established internet connection, which might be supplied by Ethernet cable.

Reviewer: Please do not Capitalize words in The middle of a sentence unless They are abbreviations.

```suggestion
The program communicates with the PC via the serial interface or virtual serial interface in case of simulation. The communication protocol is based on [ESP8266 AT commands](https://www.espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/4a-esp8266_at_instruction_set_en.pdf) but uses fewer commands. For example, it does not provide a feature to switch between WiFi access points, because the PC should already have an established internet connection, which might be supplied by the ethernet cable.
```

> Here is a sequence diagram, which illustrates a process of sending a request and receiving a response from the HTTP server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a sequence diagram, which illustrates a process of sending a request and receiving the response from the HTTP server:
```

> ![Tethering internet communication](./sequence.png)

Reviewer: :star_struck:

> Solid filled rectangles on the Program lifeline indicates that the process is synchronous, so it blocks the execution of the rest of the Program. Meanwhile, the filled rectangles on the PC lifeline just group processes because the code on PC has its event loop. So you can still interact with the XOD IDE while PC transmitting some data either to the Internet or Program. To emphasize this, the diagram uses two types of arrows: with the bold array to indicate synchronous messages and with thin ones — non-blocking messages. Dashed arrows indicate that these messages are responses for the previous ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solid filled rectangles on the “Program” lifeline indicate that the process is synchronous, so it blocks the execution of the rest of the program. Meanwhile, the filled rectangles on the “PC” lifeline just group processes because the code on PC has its event loop. So you can still interact with the XOD IDE while PC transmitting some data either to the Internet or program. To emphasize this, the diagram uses two types of arrows: with the bold end to indicate synchronous messages and with thin ones for non-blocking messages. Dashed arrows indicate that these messages are responses for the previous.
```

- To open TCP socket, the program sends a command to the PC and waits for the response: `OK` or `ERR`. After that, the program loop is not blocked.

> - Then the program sends a request command and waits for the response: `>`. Then it sends a request line by line. When all request was sent or response `SEND OK` received the program loop is not blocked anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then the program sends a request command and waits for the response: `>`. Then it sends a request line by line. When the whole request was sent or response `SEND OK` received the program loop is not blocked anymore.
```
